On June 6, 2007, the governing body made a decision to encourage all of us to have our
own personal study Bible.
And as a result of that decision, it was decided that we would look into the possibility
of producing a large Bible, the regular Bible, with larger or wider margins.
And in that way, it would help us to be able to have plenty of space to write in our study
notes.
However, in the process of preparing this study Bible, it became obvious that there was
also a need to revise the actual text of the New World Translation.
So the study Bible project was put on hold for a while until the revised text was available.
And of course, we all remember the release of the revised New World Translation at the
annual meeting in 2013.
Two years later, an announcement was made at the annual meeting that a new online study
Bible would start to be released gradually, starting with the Book of Matthew.
And in the two years since that time, we've gradually had Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
But why does it take so long to prepare this study Bible?
Well the simple answer is because of the amount of work involved.
To give you some idea of how much work, let's look at some statistics.
The four gospels have approximately 2,300 study notes.
That's about the same amount of words as are used in 115 study articles in the Watchtower.
In other words, this is the equivalent of more than two years of study material.
For another way of expressing it is, each gospel has study notes that equal the amount
of information that's found in a 192 page book.
Along with that, 130 images have been prepared for the image gallery, as well as 11 videos,
in addition to the introduction videos for each Bible book.
We also have a whole new section added to the appendix.
It's a Pendix C.
We find therein for the first time ever documented reasons as to why the New World Transition
Committee restored the divine name in the Christian Greek scriptures, showing the support
for each occurrence.
The list of J references that support these decisions has been increased from 28 to 92,
and the list continues to grow.
But from where do we get the material for the study notes?
Study notes are based on the inside volumes, the reference Bible, and Watchtower comments.
Additionally, suggestions have been received from mature witnesses who have developed their
own study notes.
These include some of the notes from brothers who serve as Gilead Instructors.
So when we read the study notes, it's as if we are seeing a concise summary of what
we might find when we search the references in the Watchtower publication index, plus
more.
What can we look forward to in the future?
We are planning to release the Book of Acts in 2018.
Later in the year, a new section entitled, Scriptures for Christian Living will be released.
This material is based on the older publication, make sure of all things.
It provides a list of questions and scriptures that will be useful during shepherding visits,
and when we want to find scriptures that help us with daily living.
So we hope that this has given us some ideas to why it takes so long for these extra books
to be added.
The good news is there's only 66 books in the Bible.
Well this morning we're pleased to announce that there are two new videos that are being
made available to help us to maximize our use of the online study Bible.
So we'd like to give you a preview of these two videos now.
Get more from your Bible reading using the New World Translation Study Edition on jw.org.
On the Bible page, click the Study Bible Cover or Title.
The Study Bible Table of Contents shows all 66 Bible Books and indicates which of them
have Study Edition content.
From this page you can also go to the Appendix and other material, some of which is available
only in the Study Edition.
Use the Bible book, then the chapter you want to read.
The Bible text appears in the reading pane.
Click the Play button in the audio bar to listen to the chapter starting with the first verse.
Or click the text of a verse, then click the pop-up play button to listen to the audio starting
with that verse.
After he had fasted for 40 days and 40 nights, he felt hungry.
With a tempter approached and said to him, the Gems tab of the study pane lists the study
notes, footnotes, marginal references, and media for each verse in the chapter you are
reading.
The Gems tab begins with an overview of the section you are reading.
Expand the overview to see more detail.
Collapse the overview to hide the detail.
Click a footnote symbol following a word or phrase to see a footnote with alternate renderings.
Click a marginal reference symbol following a word or phrase to see related scriptures.
A scripture listed as a marginal reference may be the source of a quotation or a parallel
account.
Or it may be a general reference to a person, place, teaching, or prophecy in the verse
you are reading.
Click the marginal references icon to see all the marginal references for the chapter grouped
by category.
Parallel accounts are listed first.
Then references to quoted scriptures.
Then general marginal references.
Check the highlight all box next to one of the categories to highlight in the reading
pane all the marginal references in that category.
Click a verse number.
Then the parallel translations icon to see alternate renderings of the verse from various Bible
translations.
On smaller devices, click the study pane arrow to view the study pane.
Click the study pane arrow again or tap the reading pane to go back to reading the
Bible.
Use the study notes and media gallery in the New World Translation Study Edition.
When you click a verse number, the gems tab of the study pane shows study content for
that verse.
Study notes begin with a word or phrase from the verse in bold text followed by an explanation.
Other keywords or phrases from the verse are also shown in bold text.
If a study note contains a link to the glossary, click the link to see an explanation of the
word or phrase.
If a study note refers to an appendix article, click the link to open the article.
Some appendix articles have a text and a picture version.
Use the view buttons to switch between the two versions.
Some study notes refer to study notes on related scriptures.
Click the link to see the scripture and study note.
Some verses have related media such as pictures or videos.
Click the picture or its title to open the media gallery.
The media gallery is a collection of images and videos related to a Bible book.
Select a picture or video to display the item and its description.
Or click the left or right arrow to see the previous or next item.
If the item is a video, click the play button to watch it.
Some of the videos in the media gallery have audio.
Others are silent.
Close the media gallery to go back to the Bible chapter you are reading.
We're sure that these two videos will help us to get the most benefit we can from the
online study Bible.
But we also have an exciting announcement to make this morning.
Some of you, if you stayed up late last night or if you got up really early this morning,
perhaps already know this.
But this morning we have a new version of JW Library that's available and it now includes
the study Bible.
If you haven't got that update, after morning worship finishes, you may want to visit
the App Store and make sure you have the latest version.
When you install this version of JW Library for the first time, it is going to take all
your study notes that you have your personal study notes from the New World Translation
and transfer them into the new study Bible.
So in that way, you have all your personal notes along with the study Bible notes in the
one place.
It doesn't get much easier, does it?
Well, Major Hover bless our personal study projects as we continue to dig deeply into
God's Word.
And may this study Bible help us to do what Psalm 1931 says, namely, to be determined to
cling to Jehovah's Reminders.